hey everyone this is part two of my
second year review hope you enjoy okay
let's move on to living in Cambridge and
my lifestyle in second year I was in
college owned accommodation again this
year my room this year was actually a
dream oh I loved it it was massive it
was so well lit with like floor-length
windows and a balcony which admittedly I
didn't use that much in the end but you
know the principles there
I had a balcony a balcony a balcony
that's insane it had an ensuite the
noticeboard was massive as well so I had
great fun decorating that I was in a
staircase with eight of my friends cuz
we'd all chosen to live together this
year at the staircase had a really large
kitchen that we all shared and we had a
cleaner who'd come in every day and
would clean all the communal spaces and
also cleaned our bathrooms and emptied
our bins what's more we had our own
laundry room in the staircase I could
rave for days about the Jesus College
accommodation and I'm well aware it is
much better than the average student
accommodation I just feel very very
lucky to have it the slight downside is
that we have to move out our stuff from
our rooms outside of term time because
our room license doesn't extend to the
holidays from University but you get
used to it lugging your stuff back home
and then back to uni again and like I'll
take it any day for the standard of the
rooms that we're getting food wise I'm
still going to cath the Jesus College
cafeteria pretty much every day
nothing's changed
my cooking skills leave much to be
desired
it tastes a bit dodgy and it's not
because I'm incompetent I think it's
just I haven't got much experience
cooking and I haven't really made an
effort to cook that much so maybe that's
something I should look into doing a bit
more in third year one thing I will say
is that in my first year I used to
always go for spaghetti hoops when I
missed calf or calf suddenly wasn't on I
have progressed from just putting
spaghetti hoops in the microwave and I
can now cook myself a stir-fry or do
some pasta with tuna and sweet corn my
cooking skills have moved on a little
I've done most of my shopping in
Sainsbury's this year back at
Sainsbury's how I've missed this place
just getting the important stuff I just
like to inform everyone that Sainsbury's
does indeed sell Marmite it's great it's
just around the corner from college so
it's been so convenient I'm always using
my coupons and my next card get those
deals I only go to cash for one meal per
day so my other meal which is usually at
lunchtime I'd like to have a sandwich or
a toastie mm-hmm
I've basically spent a lot of the year
eating toasties and I have absolutely no
regrets my toasting machine was such a
good purchase and I'd say it's a student
essential to be honest with you to get
around Cambridge I've mostly been
walking this year which is a curveball
because last year I was cycling all the
time but I just found I quite like
having a little bit of a wonderfu the
park on my way to lectures you know and
yeah I'd say I've been living quite
comfortably this year I'm very happy ok
so let's talk about the social side of
my university life in second year it was
so nice coming into my second year of
uni knowing that I've made some lovely
friends in first year it was way less
nerve-wracking when it had been the
previous year I'm back
I've grown closer with my friends over
the course of the year I can't believe
I've known them all for two years now
I've had friends who were studying the
same course me this year so it's been
nice to have pals with me in lectures
and labs and as I mentioned earlier I've
been living with eight of my friends
this year which has been so nice even if
they are a bit of a distraction
sometimes I don't think it affected my
work too much it's nice to have your
friends around to chat to in your spare
moments I think I definitely did a good
job at making time for socialising this
year at university I played a lot of
card games in the Gipp with my friends I
don't even know how many hours actually
we've spent on card games in the kitchen
but it must be a lot have I got better
at card games I'm not too sure actually
I try my best we've mostly played poker
German bridge is also a favorite I
always look forward to going with my
friends to CAF every day you okay I'm
good
early bridge today such a great social
time then on Fridays in the first term
we did Friday night dinners where one
person would cook for the rest of the
staircase here is chef number one and
here's chef number two there was a
period during first term where prank
wars were going on everything is tidy we
pranked you because you like it messy my
whole mattress got taken out of my room
and taken down a flight of stairs
I knew off that not to leave my room
door open I've been four meals out with
my friends over the course of the year
we've been to Nando's once or twice
McDonald's because we're that fancy on
most mondays over the course of the year
there's been a group of us who go to
Nana Mex which is a Mexican restaurant
in Cambridge I've also been to plenty of
formal dinners I'm going to formal
tomorrow I've got to go to formal I've
got a fool this evening I'm going for
formal this evening I've been to less
formal dinners than first year but also
that's not saying much because I think I
went to ten formal dinners in one term
in first year which is more than one a
week I have to say I do quite enjoy
getting dressed up in like
some particularly good formals this year
were bridge of us formal which is I call
Christmas celebration you tubers formal
wear I met up with a lot of the
Cambridge youtubers now everyone's come
to J bar halfway who was also a good one
which was to mark one and a half years
into my degree so for everyone on a
three year degree is the halfway point
so all of my year group at Jesus College
or had a big dinner to celebrate
[Music]
I've also been to boat club dinners this
year proper enthusiastic member of the
boat club right here we had a few
parties in my staircase which were good
fun we're at she's in wine night
actually which was very sophisticated
I've spent some evenings in J bar my
friends and I can sometimes be a bit
weird and we did play a Victorian parlor
game at one point during the year where
you had to hide a piece of toast on the
floor and then everyone was blindfolded
and the first person to find the piece
of toast one we also did a flag hoisting
ceremony each term while we all put off
flags up in the staircase to decorate
our staircase I went out clubbing a lot
less than I did in first year but I'm
actually okay with that
I enjoyed clubbing but every now and
again I'm not big on going out I feel I
had the slightly more wild first year
and in second year I've settle down a
bit more and I sometimes just enjoy a
night in in the staircase a bit more
than going out clubbing I've been to a
few good bops this year which I like
discos in colleges that are hosted by
the college ents teams in particular I
went to a pink week bought at San John's
College which was really fun and also a
rainbow book at Robinson College Jesus
College ents has been relaunched this
year and I say they haven't done a bad
job they call it Friday night Jesus I
should also mention that I went on ski
trip in December it's my first time
skiing and had a fab fab time I also had
physics drinks and physics dinners
throughout the year which was nice to
spend time with other people on the same
course as me or just other people in
college who are in the physics field we
had lots of garden parties at the end of
term which did end up being indoors
because the weather wasn't great but
they were fun and we've also been
panting a few times throughout the year
as well I still have zero hunting
technique whatsoever and I prefer to
just sit in the pond or someone else
does the work and the big social event
of the year Mabel what a time Mabel was
amazing check out my vlog of it if you
haven't already because it was so good
such a fantastic end to the year okay so
let us move on to extracurriculars and
activities I started off second year
saying I was going to do a little bit of
coaxing just a little bit because I
enjoy it but I wasn't going to commit
too much because I wanted to focus on my
studies I might do a little bit of
coaxing next year I'm not going to take
on so March fast forward a few weeks and
suddenly I found myself coaxing the top
Jesus College women's crew who
arguably the fastest college women's
crew on the river at the time now I'm up
to four outing the week and uncook Singh
w1 the first women's boat I felt the
pressure a little bit I'm not gonna lie
I'll be honest with you it came about
because a lot of the other courses at
the college quit and didn't wanna cooks
the space was open and I was like sure
I'll do it so yeah I was the Jesus w1
Cox for a term it was wild really it was
also quite fun because we just kept
winning races that term like I think
every single race we entered we won the
results have just come through for our
race and we actually won it went well
and we actually won we won the race in
particular we won the Fairburn Cup which
is hosted by Jesus College but it was
not fixed can I just say his machine I'm
so proud of this like this has been up
on my wall in my room for the rest of
the year
fastest womens senior first eight that's
what that says i coxed them to victory i
then went on boat club camp to spain in
January which was a week of intensive
coaxing and that was great for my
progression in coaxing I then coxed the
second Jesus College women's crew in
second term and we participated in Lent
bumps which is the fun rowing race on
the river cam where all the boats chase
each other and tries to bump into each
other but it was in second term I kind
of started to resent Cookson a little
bit just because I was feeling the
pressure with the workload and felt like
Cox Singh was taking me away from time I
could be spending on work in exam term I
gave up coaxing just because I really
wanted to focus on revising for exams
and doing well in my exams this year but
then I've realized how much I enjoy
coaxing cuz I really really missed it in
exam term it just wasn't the same I'd
look at the river like I want to be out
there Cox ago rowing crew I'm stuck in
the library so I'm really excited to get
back to coaxing next year I'm now going
to China up to cooks a men's ate with
the Boat Club in September so can't wait
for that I also joined the Jesus College
and
to scheme this year that's helping out
with access work and encouraging people
to apply to the University and the
college which I found really rewarding
I'm literally a walking advert for Jesus
College today Jesus close jumper
Jesus could bag I've done a few college
tours and I'd like to get more involved
with it next year I've had a great
experience at Jesus College and at the
University and I hope that's coming
across in my vlogs and I just want to
encourage more people to apply and have
that experience as well now the next
thing will probably come as a shock to
anyone who knows me well but I have
taken up running that's it I'm doing
exercise I don't know what's happened to
me
but suddenly running has become my new
hobby it was mostly an exam term this
year that I suddenly kept going for
morning runs I never thought I would
enjoy exercise I honestly didn't but I
genuinely enjoy running it woods even
meow
but it just feels good to be doing some
exercise I've just really loved it and I
plan to continue that in my third year
and my final activity that I've been
doing this year is YouTube and I've been
loving it I've looked a lot of my second
year I've managed to upload weekly
videos all year the laundry segment has
reached new heights this year so you
know I'm quite proud of myself for that
that is one of my key achievements and
quite crazily we hit a hundred thousand
subscribers on this channel it still
hasn't sunk in it honestly still hasn't
sunk in I can't thank you guys enough I
hope it excited right now because guests
will arrived in the post in this box is
my silver play button for reaching
100,000 subscribers I'm quite proud I've
managed to resist opening this up until
now oh my god oh my god so I just opened
and look we got this you've just done
something that very few YouTube creators
accomplished you had an astonishing a
hundred thousand people subscribe to
your channel so yeah I've got I've got
this note from the CEO of YouTube
presented to page y4 passing a hundred
thousand subscribers I just want to say
again
thank you so much to everyone for
subscribing I would not have this
without you guys I think it represents
all the hard work that I've spent on
YouTube this year and yeah I plan to
keep going with it or stay on that grind
keep on loving the YouTube life and yeah
okay so after that excitement let's
round up it has been a busy year as I'm
sure you can tell but I just feel so
lucky for all I've had this year I've
got amazing friends I have an amazing
life at university I am loving every
second of my degree I just can't believe
this is all happening to me and I'm just
really grateful for all the
opportunities that I've been given over
the course of the past year and I just
want to thank all you guys watching as
well for all your support over the past
year your comments on my videos have
really spurred me on at my low points
and now you ask what do the coming years
hold for me who knows all I know for
certain at the moment is that I'm
studying astrophysics in my third year
I'm not sure yet
what I'm going to do with it will I do a
masters will I get a graduate job but
stay tuned to find out thank you for
watching please give the video a like if
you enjoyed it subscribe to see more
videos from me and what I'm up to next
and join me for my third year of uni hit
the notification belt then you're
notified every time I upload follow me
on Instagram it's at underscore page
underscore Y and that's it I'll see you
soon with another video second year over
and out
[Music]